For this week I wanted to develop my food blog a little more. I love to cook, and with my food restrictions I love seeing others post their recipe ideas. It inspires me to cook and be creative with my limitations. I want to create like that for others like me.
All of the concepts we explored this week were actually very easy to apply. I'm glad we went back over document set-up as I had forgotten how to since we had covered it at first. My code looks significantly cleaner, I'm really happy with it. All of the new tags we learned weren't that complicated, it was nice to start to use formating in my website. Adjusting width was a great tool to change the sizes of images, and the background color really added just an extra touch of personalization, it gave the site more life.
For my initial idea I wasn't quite sure how I wanted to approach the project, so working from the ground up was good. I considered how all of the componenets would sit on top of each other and what information was important/where it should be placed. I made a lot of adjustments along the way, but it was fine, all apart of the process.
I experimented a little with margin, it worked just fine, it wasn't too hard to understand.
I actually didn't face any challenges with this assignment. Everything went pretty smoothly. Whenver I ran into an issue I just referenced back to the course website and the example material, most of the time my code was just in the wrong place. The CSS content was a little confusing, there was only a short mention of it on the course webstite so I really wasn't sure what I was supposed to be doing with it. It took a few Google searches but I think I'm at a better understanding. I know we'll go over it soon.
I'm doing good! I'm really enjoying the class so far and I'm looking forward to digging more into CSS and style formating things!